wait
Y'all stop arguing
Grandma was woken up by you
Be careful grandma gets sicker
Wuji, you are really back
Sorry grandma
Wuji made you sick
It has nothing to do with you.
As you get older, you get sicker.
Just do it.
You all do it.
God, it's our baby
Wherever you go, there are seats
There's nothing you can do. You can only stand.
That's the difference.
Some people are so low that they are not even as good as a dog
You still want to marry Mu Yan?
Stop daydreaming!
Get up, not who do you think you are?
How dare you let me take the seat?
Dogs don't deserve to sit with people
I haven't calculated the account of Sister Xiao Wu yesterday with you yet.
How dare you throw me on the ground?
What kind of decency does it make to be noisy?
No hurry, just sit there
Thank you, Grandma.
Yes grandma
Wu Qi knows you like jade.
I specially prepared a bracelet made of Kunlun ancient jade for you.
Wu Qi puts it on for you
It can prolong life.
What Kunlun ancient jade is this?
It looks better to cover the enemy than to stall goods
This crap
It's not too embarrassing to take it out
It's a scumbag like Xiao Wuji
How can there be such a good thing?
I think it's just random junk
To fool grandma
Blind things like you
How can I find this problem?
Xiao Wuji, you are not afraid to talk big and flash your tongue
OK
I'll see what kind of baby this is today.